feat(README): update to new api call (#6)
ovh/bringyourownlinux: README.md

> You can use a home-made script with the OVH lib, and use a payload like this one:

Reviewer: Rien à voir avec tes changements mais je pense qu'il faudrait soit mettre des liens (et écrire library en entier), soit juste dire d'utiliser ce payload. "The OVH lib" ne parle à personne.

Author: Je sais pas non plus, je me contente juste de mettre à jour une doc déjà existante :)

Reviewer: Ping @ashmonger

`POST /dedicated/server/{serviceName}/reinstall`

```json
{
  "operatingSystem": "byolinux_64",
  "customizations": {
    "hostname": "myHostname",
    "imageURL": "https://github.com/myself/myImagesFactory/releases/download/0.1/myCustomImage.qcow2",
    "imageCheckSum": "6a65719e6a7f276a4b8685d3ace0920d56acef7d4bbbf9427fe188db7b19c23be7fc182f7a9b29e394167717731f4cd7cab410a36e60e6c6451954f3b795a15c",
    "httpHeaders": {
      "Authorization": "Basic dGhlb3dsc2FyZW5vdDp3aGF0dGhleXNlZW1z="
    },
    "imageCheckSumType": "sha512",
    "configDriveUserData": "#!/bin/bash\necho \"Hi, sounds like BYOLinux as ostemplate is a success!\" >/etc/motd"
  }
}
```

The key elements here are:

- `operatingSystem`: which is `boylinux_64`
- `customizations`: which holds all information to pass to the installer

> - `customizations/httpHeaders`: whose configure, if necessary the call to retrieve the customer image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `customizations/httpHeaders`: which can be configured, if necessary the call to retrieve the customer image.
```
